1).Explain how the lambda expression (a, b) -> a + b works with the CalculateSum interface.
2).Given a list of integers, write a Java program to find all the missing numbers between consecutive elements after sorting the list.
3).Given an integer array, find all the duplicate elements.
4).Given a string containing only the characters '(' , ')' , '{' , '}' , '[' , ']', determine if the input string is valid.A string is valid if:Open brackets are closed by the same type Open brackets are closed in the correct order Input: "{[()]}" Output: true Input: "{[(])}" Output: false
5).Swap two strings without using third variable.
6)Given an array of integers, find all numbers that start with digit 2(including negative numbers like -21).[withOut using StreamApi and using Stream APi also]
7).What is the order of execution of static blocks, instance blocks, constructor, and main method in Java?
8)Given an integer, convert it to a Roman numeral.
9).Reverse the elements of an array without using any extra array.
10).Given an array of integers, return an array where each element is the product of all other elements except itself.
11).Convert given list to map with element as key and index as value? list = ("apple", "banana", "citrus", "manogo", "guava")
12).Find the Department-wise min & max salary using Teeing method in Java12.
13)How many times particular Number occured in the above list.
14).From strudent marks,Add 20 marks to students who scored less than 60, Then calculate the total marks of students whose final marks are greater than 60.
15)Write a Java program to find common elements between the two arrays using nested for loops.
16)Find the maximum repeated (most frequent) element in an array.
17)Find the second maximum element from an array/list. Handle duplicate values correctly.
18)Given a list of integers and a target sum, find all unique pairs whose sum equals the target. Avoid duplicate/reversed pairs.Input  : [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,9,8] Target : 8 Output : (1,7), (2,6), (3,5)
19).Find the first non-repeated and repeated character in a string while preserving order.
20)You are given a List<Object> in Java that contains a mix of Integer and String elements, for example:List<Object> mixedList = List.of(1, "hello", 42, "world"); Write a Java program to separate the integers and strings into two different lists using Java Streams. After separation, the program should print the lists of integers and strings separately.
21)You are given a List<String> in Java that contains a mix of numeric strings and non-numeric strings, for example:List<String> listOfStr = List.of("1", "2", "ramu", "3", "seetha");
Write a Java program to collect only the numeric values from the list into a List<Integer> using Java Streams. Strings that cannot be converted to integers should be ignored.
Expected Output:[1, 2, 3]

1. Count number of characters in a given senetenss (excluding spaces).
2. Count number of words in a given string
3. Count total occurrences of a given character (l) in a sentence.
4. Reverse the whole sentence AND reverse each word.
5. Convert even-position words to lowercase and odd-position words to uppercase.
6. Count lowercase, uppercase, digits, and special characters in given Alphanumaric sentense.
7. Find first repeated and first non-repeated character in a given senetens.
8. Given a sentence, count how many times each vowel appears (a, e, i, o, u) ignoring spaces and case. Also, print only the vowels that appear more than once.
9. Find Duplicate Characters in a String(use set).
10.Explain difference between String.join() and Collectors.joining() with use cases.
11.Given an array of strings, sort it such that: Strings are sorted by length in ascending order If two strings have the same length, sort them in alphabetical order (case-insensitive)
